Now we're going to see what additional information we need to
keep track of for our algorithm to work properly.
So again, we're using the stack,
but we're also going to track what I'm calling the state,
and you'll see what that means in a bit.
So again, we start with the root node,
we check if it has a left child,
it does, we go back down.
So after we pushed A on the stack and then pushed B,
we also make a note for node A that we've already gone down to visit its left subtree.
So this will be important in a bit.
So now, with B, again,
we check if it has a left subtree, it does,
so we push D on the stack,
and we also make a note that for B,
we've already visited the left subtree.
Now we're at D, check left, check right.
We're all done. Nothing there.
We can pop D off the stack.
Now we're at B, remember this was where the original version got stuck.
So at B, it actually had saved information that it already visited the left sub tree,
and so that way, it knows not to do that again.
So then it will properly check to visit the right subtree.
In this case, there's nothing there.
Then once it's done,
we can pop B off the stack.
A, and it's a similar situation,
we already saved the information that we've already visited the left sub-node,
so we're going to just visit the right instead.
So we push C onto the stack.
For A, we save the information that it already visited the right subtree as well.
Now, with C, we check left,
we check right, pop it off the stack,
and back at A.
Now, A sees that it already visited
the left and right sub-nodes and so it can be popped off the stack.
Great. So now we've visited all the nodes once.